Explain fragments in README (#7)
bmwcarit/ramses-sample-app: README.md

![Car](./doc/screenshot.png)

> The left fragment shows a surface with 3D view of a BMW X5 model. The right fragment shows a static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first fragment shows a surface with 3D view of a BMW X5 model. The second fragment shows a static
```
